Improve wording around semver (#5571)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/release-policy.md

Minor versions are backwards compatible, as stipulated by SemVer. They contain more code changes than patch versions so the risk of upgrading is slightly higher. Minor versions may also come with new versions of existing or newly added package dependencies. It is also likely that code changes are required as part of the upgrade, to take advantage of the feature enhancements. 

Since all important bug fixes are back-ported, upgrades may be done at convenient times. For example, when releasing non-trivial updates to a system.

### Major

Major versions contain breaking changes and may also contain feature enhancements. They may also contain bug fixes which are not important enough to warrant a patch.

Major versions are not backwards compatible. They contain more code changes than minor versions so the risk of upgrading is higher. While the breaking changes may not affect all systems, upgrading is likely to require code changes. In some cases major versions might require additional changes like using a new target framework or upgrading an infrastructure to a new version because the minimum required version was lifted.

> It is recommended to fully carefully read the upgrade guides and regression test a system after upgrading.

Reviewer: fully carefully? Too many adverbs.
```suggestion
It is recommended to carefully read the upgrade guides and perform a full regression test on a system after upgrading.
```
